docs: simplify the Expense and Reimbursement Policy (#23176)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Expense-and-Reimbursement-Policy.md

* The expected total and currency.
* When the purchase or travel will occur.
* For travel, the event, dates and categories of costs requested.

No formal procurement document is required for an ordinary expense.
The requester should still be able to explain why the proposed cost is reasonable.
The Lead Maintainers may set a spending limit or other conditions when approving the request.

For a large expense that would be difficult to pay personally, arrange for the vendor to invoice Homebrew through Open Collective.
Maintainers are not expected to advance significant personal funds.

## Getting reimbursed

Submit an approved expense through [Homebrew on Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/homebrew/expenses/new) promptly after paying it.
Follow Open Source Collective's current [invoice and reimbursement guidance](https://docs.oscollective.org/for-hosted-member-projects/spending-money-and-getting-paid/invoice-and-reimbursement-examples).

Use a reimbursement for a project purchase that you have already paid.
Use an invoice for completed work or services.
If an expense contains multiple receipts, enter them as separate line items.

> Open Source Collective may request payment, identity or tax information before it can pay an expense.

Reviewer: Will not may

## Receipts policy

Attach a legible vendor receipt showing:

* The vendor.
* What was purchased.
* The transaction date.
* The amount and currency.
* The purchaser or project when the receipt provides that information.

Add a short explanation when the connection to Homebrew is not obvious.

> A card statement is not normally a substitute for a receipt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A card statement is not a substitute for a receipt.
```

> Ask the Lead Maintainers before relying on alternative proof for a purchase where the vendor does not issue receipts.

Reviewer: It's not really up to us. You run risk of OC declining it.

## Travel policy

Homebrew reimburses travel only for an approved event with a clear project benefit.
Approval should establish the approximate budget and the categories of travel that Homebrew will cover.

Choose reasonable travel and lodging rather than treating either the absolute cheapest option or a fixed government rate as mandatory.
Cost, journey time, safety, accessibility and proximity to the event may all affect what is reasonable.

### Transportation and lodging

An approved travel budget may include:

* Economy-class airfare, rail or bus travel.
* Reasonable lodging for the event.
* Local public transport.
* Necessary baggage, parking or visa costs.
* A taxi, rideshare or rental vehicle when it is the practical option.

> Upgrades, luxury accommodation, companion travel and personal entertainment are not reimbursable unless an explicit accessibility or medical exception was approved.

Reviewer: Let's just remove this. We've never made these and if we ever have to let's discuss then.

### Meals and entertainment

Homebrew normally covers pre-approved group meals attended primarily by Homebrew maintainers as part of an event or project gathering.
The reimbursement should identify the attendees and the Homebrew purpose.

> Individual meals and entertainment are not normally reimbursable unless they were explicitly included in the approved event budget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Individual meals and entertainment are not reimbursable unless they were explicitly included in the approved event budget.
```

### Personal travel

A maintainer may extend or combine an approved Homebrew trip with personal or other business travel when doing so does not increase Homebrew's cost.
Homebrew will reimburse no more than the lower of the actual project-related cost and a reasonable equivalent itinerary covering only the Homebrew event.
The maintainer is responsible for every personal portion of the trip.

### Accessibility and medical needs

Reasonable accessibility or medical needs may justify an exception or a more expensive option.

> Request approval in advance when possible and disclose only the information needed to evaluate the expense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request approval in advance and disclose as much useful information as possible to evaluate the expense. It will be kept private. 
```

## Services and project property

The Lead Maintainers must approve a new or recurring paid service.

> Where practical, the service should use a Homebrew-controlled account and payment method instead of depending on an individual maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service must use a Homebrew-controlled account and payment method instead of depending on an individual maintainer.
```
Need to tighten these up.

An item purchased for Homebrew should have a named custodian and a recorded location while Homebrew owns it.

## Changes and emergencies

Ask for new approval before materially exceeding an approved amount or changing the purpose of an expense.
If an emergency makes advance approval impossible, contact the Lead Maintainers as soon as practical.

> Reimbursement is not guaranteed when approval was not obtained first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reimbursement is much less likely when approval was not obtained first.
```
